"Text has minimum contrast" [afw4f7] and "Text has enhanced contrast" [09o5cg]: updated scenario for non-text content (#2155)
act-rules/act-rules.github.io: _rules/text-contrast-afw4f7.md

#### Passed Example 7

> Despite falling below the minimum contrast ratio, the content of the button ("X") does not convey anything in human language; as a result, it complies with this rule. However, [Success Criterion 1.4.11 Non-Text Content][sc1411] should be examined for this non-text element.

Reviewer: **Suggestion (non-blocking):** I'd rather swap the sentence around to keep front-loading the target (and reason).
```suggestion
The content of this button ("X") does not convey anything in human language. Due to its low contrast, it is not satisfying [Success Criterion 1.4.11 Non-Text Content][sc1411], but this rule doesn't consider it.
```

(also for the other rule)

Author: It's currently passing 1.4.11 since the contrast ratio is above 3:1. My idea was to remind the author to check if 1.4.11 is passing or not, without clearly stating if it's passing or not (since it is not a matter of this specific rule).

What about: 

The content of this button ("X") does not convey anything in human language; therefore, it passes the rule regardless of its contrast ratio. However, [Success Criterion 1.4.11 Non-Text Content][sc1411] should be examined for this non-text element.

?

Reviewer: Perfect.
